Wang Xuan, you are amazing
He actually created a masterpiece that has come through the ages
Huh, that's nice
I didn't expect the commander of the guards to give in
Tell me what reward you want.
Princess, don't you like talents?
Look at me Wang Xun
What are you?
You hammergun princess are presumptuous
Put the knife down for what he just did
Princess, he offended the Dong family
He also offended King Liang twice
If you don't kill him, I'm afraid you will bring disaster to the Duke's Mansion
Ok, you killed him!
Are you going to deal with Dong Qiang for this princess?
Wang Jun, you are now demoted to a lower-level municipal party committee
Wang Jun of the lower municipal party committee
This captain orders you to brush the toilet immediately
This Mr. Zhang
How dare you take revenge?
Wait for my chance
I won't forgive him.
Hey again
Make these flowers into perfume
What woman doesn't like perfume?
I will definitely take the princess by then
Wang Jun
How dare you!
This was planted by the princess herself for the emperor
You wait to lose your head